
# Meeting GCS
##### 04/09/2018 13:00

- __Participants__: Joey, Senne, Stijn, Toon, Andrei, Igor
- __Excused__: /

## Goal
To plan the sessions for Guide to CS 2018-2019

## Agenda
 1. Welcome new members
 2. Explain about GCS (how, when, goal)
 3. Discuss previous sessions
  - Extract flaws
  - Find improvements
  - Other suggestions
 4. Discuss feedback Laenens
 5. Plan content of next sessions
 6. Plan dates for next sessions

### Feedback previous sessions:

#### A. Feedback Laenens
- Hands on sessie over DOT (voor deadline TO)
- hands on sessie html (voor CSA)

#### B. Feedback Senne
- Git in Clion

#### C. Feedback Joey
- LaTeX introduction? (Already in CSA)

## Report

We decided on the content and dates of our sessions. Each session has one or more people responsible for it. This just means they are the one(s) making sure everything is prepared for that session in time.

#### 1. Introduction + reception  <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">25/09/2018 (week 1)</span> <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">Toon</span>
Mostly remains the same. Toon will update links and remove deprecated content.

#### 2. Dual boot + virtual box <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">02/10/2018 (week 2)</span> <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">Senne & Joey</span>
We evaluated this session and suggest some improvements:
 - Group all people with a hybrid hard drive
 - Make it explicit that a mac should not be dual booted
 - Prepare Ubuntu 18 ISO on our pc's so we can burn sticks for students
 - Send mail (and fb post) beforehand stating following things:
   * Bring USB with 8GB or more. It should be empty.
   * Make a backup + disclaimer, but not too scary.
   * The session might run late if problems occur.
 - Provide more structure and equal help for shy students by making periodical announcements (after about 30 to 40 minutes). Ask who is at what stage. Let some people explain their specific problems to the entire class and maybe group people based on their issues by the end of the session.
 - Divide the three rows of the computer class amongst us six to provide better follow up.
 - Plan an extra session on 04/10/2018 - 13:45h to resolve any remaining issues. This timeslot is also used by IP, but since they work in groups it won't be an issue. We may still want to send an email to be sure.
 - Invite a few experts to help.
 - Create a feedback form students can fill in after the session so that we get an idea about which problems occur and what solutions were applied. Depending on the results of this study, we can improve our workflow next time.

#### 3. Dot <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">16/10/2018 (week 4)</span> <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">Igor & Andrei</span>
This session is new. Like with Git we first explain dot, how it works, how to render, specific syntax, ... A demo is best used to make this explicit. Then we allow students to practice Dot by giving a few simple exercises which are representative for their use cases in GAS and T&A. Students are allowed (encouraged?) to leave or make these exercises at home. They can come in handy as a reference point for when they ever need very specific things in Dot (e.g.: start node). The exercises are placed online through a git repo.

#### 4. Git <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">13/11/2018 (week 8, after TO)</span> <span style="background-color:grey;border-radius:5px;margin-left:50px;padding-left:5px;padding-right:5px;">Stijn</span>
We start with a very high level presentation about what Git can do and why students should use it. This is followed by a well motivated demonstration. Then the students are paired (2 students per group) and collaboratively learn Git on their own through an exercise sheet which explains the basics of Git alternated by a small exercise for each command.

The explanations and exercises are made by Stijn, Senne and Toon.
